The Joe Rogan experience.
I didn't even get sober for two years after that. Wow. So,
or a year after, how long after the heart attack did you start partying? Again,
three.
It took about three months for me to like spruce my goose up enough to get nuts.
And that is the turning point. When I, I,
where I truly believe that I took,
turned into like a full-blooded like addict,
cuz then all of a sudden I had an out, you know, I had a safe out,
you know, I had the story,
I had the love of all my friends were like Maddy we're with you, you know,
so much beautiful support from all of my, my crews deep.
And I was just like so much good love from my friends.
And then all of a sudden I started hiding, going to different places,
different bars, different little drug homes.
I like to call 'em you know, little trap house. Yeah. Little places, little,
little critter, critter, little homes. Is that a trap house? No, no trap house.
Where you dance trap house. What happens? You can do trap house. chicks,
trap trap. What happens in trap houses? Like where the, the like the,
you can say it business happens. The drunk business happens.
The business happens and moves and then you go to the other house to use it
usually. Oh, okay. You don't get high of the trap house. Not really.
Just business. Can't get high on your own supply. No, Joe,
a never get high on your own supply.
Dan crack show to the, um, you know,
I think that's when I really was getting crazy.
And that's when I started turning like and less fun and more of an addict.
Yeah. I got very violent. Really? Yeah. Like I got,
I got banned from our own nightclub. I got banned from like, you know,
I got walked in on and I was trying to like, Rob, pretty much this drug dealer.
I was like, I swung on like,
I would be blackout drunk trying to fight my friends and like being like,
you can't stop. Like, because people would try to stop me. They would like,
I would walk into a bar and like, cuz I'm in the hospitality group. Like,
you know, I'm in the crew. So it's just imagine, um,
imagine like being a comedian and somebody, it gets almost like blacklisted,
but we still love you, but you can't show up here. Mm. But we love you.
You can do your comedy, like buy yourself out in your car,
but you can't come in here. <laugh> right. And I'm just like,
well I wanna still go into the bar. I go to the bar every day.
The bar's my that's my safe place. You know, I wanna, I wanna go into the bar,
like let me in. And everyone's like, you're not dying here.
You're not dying at my bar. So then I had to start going to these like deeper,
darker places and push myself. And, and, and,
and before when I used to do drugs, I never had to say,
it in your head. You know, when you're about to jump and you gotta be like, it.
Let's go. You know? So those moments when you off that have to be like,
you have to push yourself. I was doing that with drugs where I'd be like,
I know now I know that I could die before my ego was like, you'll never die.
Maddy. You're the man. But now all of a sudden,
my ego is a little bit shook, but my ego still is like, you,
you're gonna keep doing this.
And so I had to keep doing it and I had to keep saying, you to myself.
So every time that I started doing drugs, I would be like, it let's go.
And then that was the moment when I was just like, that's when got dark.
And so there was like a year of that.
And then my last time I ever drank
the last time I ever did any like anything was, uh,
you know, nine years ago, the weekend of November, whatever 12th.
And my friend was visiting from England,
a F and we were doing a big dinner and I got so drunk.
And I, I brought, I walked in Friday service, mid service.
Didn't even show up for work, took the chef out and, and was just like,
you know, didn't tell anybody. I'm just like bringing my buddy around town,
being a host.
And I show up and all the partners were sitting at one of the chef's tables.
So there was like in the big kitchen at parts, in this warehouse,
there was like three chef tables. So the VIPs, the homies,
all the people got to sit in the chef tables and all the partners were sitting
there and I walked in and they're like, what's up?
You don't have to show up for work, bro. You get to do whatever you want to do.
Kind of thing. Like what the? And I was just like, like,
what the do you want? And I was just like, and I was like, what do you want?
Your restaurant's packed this look at this.
And I walked out into the middle of the dining room and I was like,
Hey everybody who the is having the best time ever.
And everyone was like, ah, and I wa looked at all the partners and I was like,
you. These are, this is my crew. This is my world.
That didn't go well, <laugh> ego.
I was such a psychopathic, young psycho. Well, those two things,
booze and Coke. I mean, they are pee. I got little pee pee.
I gotta make it up somewhere. You know, like it's, it's, it's,
it's so hard to, to, to, you know, fill the void,
you know? And I just, I found that with that. And then, you know,
the next day one of my partners was like, Hey, let's meet for coffee.
I wanna fire you to your face. And I was just like, okay. Yeah, fire me.
You can't like, I was just like, what are you gonna do with your restaurant,
bro? What are you gonna do with all your restaurants?
I'm the face of your company? I'm the guy.
And I showed up and uh, he was like, meet me here. I'll pick you up.
We're gonna go for a coffee. I was like, okay, let's meet up.
And I knew that I could manipulate and talk to him and you know, be like,
we're cool. You know, I won't do it again. Yeah. Panic. Just manipulate,
manipulate, manipulate, manipulate, and.
And uh, he drives me and it's like, oh my God.
He pulls up to like my homie's house. Who's like straight edge vegan warrior.
Oh boy. And I'm just like, oh perfect. And then like four,
my dudes come out and I'm just like, okay,
let's see what you losers. Gotta say, <laugh>, you know,
let's hear what all my best friends gotta say about me,
how much you love me and how much you care about me.
Let's see what you like losers. Gotta say, you know,
like instantly going into like hating these people that are trying to like help
me. And uh, you know, the veils that can come.
When you sit down in front of your best friends, your true, your, your, your,
your true inner circle, the people you can't lie to. The people that you can't,
there's no facade. There's no media. There's no nothing.
It's you and your friends.
And I sat down and I listen for like four hours. And,
um, you know, and the next day,
one of the guys there goes to meetings and he is like, we're going to a meeting.
And so the next day I walked into a meeting and, um, you know,
the miracle happened and I at.
A meeting. Yeah. What, what, what made you hit the switch you go from?
Is everybody having a good time to all right. I'm done.
Yeah, because I think the lying within that four year, four hour period,
that transitional period, I, that was my out.
I could stop lying cuz I was lying. The lying is what really broke.
Me. Whether not where I was.
Going, where I was going, the people I was hanging out with lying to Trish.
Another thing I've been with Trish for like 21 years, you know,
she's a Saint, she's a hard bodied. Italian,
Irish woman. She's, you know, three home births. She doesn't around. Yikes.
She's she's real deal. I'll birth bro. I'll birth the child right now. Who,
Jamie, you got a baby in there. Let's go. I'll birth you. So the,
I was like, why isn't Trisha here? And she's like, she's out, it's up to you.
She's got nothing left to say, she's out, it's up to you now.
And I was just like, huh? I don't like that.
And even now like, you know,
like I feel I can trigger that feeling of
this is real. This is it. This is, this is a time where I can stop.
This is a time where I can, I don't, I can stop.
Okay. I accept. You know, I accept that. I'm I, I, I, I have a,
a chance and not ever having to lie. I have a chance.
I don't have to do that again. You know, catch.
New episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify, including clips,
easily seamless Lee switch between video and audio experience
on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to so search for the Jerry on your Spotify app,
go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.